c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.dll.config
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.pdb
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\obj\Debug\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\obj\Debug\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.dll
c:\users\v-huid.fareast\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\obj\Debug\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.pdb
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.dll.config
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.pdb
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\obj\Debug\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\obj\Debug\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.dll
D:\Project\ChineseVacationCalendar\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb\obj\Debug\ChineseVacationCalendarWeb.pdb
